When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
  Whenever I work on projects with other people, on not-propriatary projects, when there might
  be a change in location, when I want a saved copy online (because of it's importance), want
  to show others the projects, etc.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date 
with your remote repository?

  Just like making commits only at logical steps the same is true for the opposite: There could be
  updates which break your local version, either because your version differs significantly from
  the remote repository or because team members have comitted changes which break your changes. Both
  of which would essentially force a merge, which is not something you want to do without supervision.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Branches: For feature experiments, same-function-different-context-versions, whenever the original code
	has to function while you want/have to work on it too (in teams, alone, open source)
	Clones: When trying out or taking apart specific functions of the repository. For short projects, where
	it's not important/you do not care about updates of the original (for alone, mainly)
	Forks: When you want to work with the code of someone other continuously, keeping up to date. Essential
	for open-source collaboration the like (for open source and long-term projects)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	To brace yourself against disastrous merge conflicts? I'm not certain. 
	Udacity Answer: If I am about to go without Internet access for a while, for example to work
    on a plane, I can update my local copy before I leave.  I can do this even
    if I'm not ready to merge those changes into my own branches yet.  Then if I
    want, I can perform the merge while offline, or I need to know what the
    remote version is at some point, I have an easy way to access it.
    (found here: https://github.com/cbuckey-uda/reflections/blob/master/lesson_3_reflections.txt)